fix(K8s): Added the caution note about the summary page (#19143)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/link-otel-applications-kubernetes.mdx

  * `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT`: See [New Relic OTLP endpoint](/docs/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-otlp/) for more info.
  * `NEW_RELIC_API_KEY`: See [New Relic API keys](/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/) for more info.

* Installed your [Kubernetes cluster with OpenTelemetry](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/installation/k8s-otel/#install).

* Instrumented your applications with [OpenTelemetry](/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/opentelemetry-setup/), and successfully sent data to New Relic via OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP).

> If you've general questions about using Collectors with New Relic, see our [Introduction to OpenTelemetry Collector with New Relic](/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/collector/opentelemetry-collector-intro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have general questions about using Collectors with New Relic, see our [Introduction to OpenTelemetry Collector with New Relic](/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/collector/opentelemetry-collector-intro).
```

Author: Done!

You should be able to verify that your configurations are working once you have successfully linked your OpenTelemetry data with your Kubernetes data.

<Callout variant="caution">

>  The [Kubernetes summary page](/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/kubernetes-summary-page) only displays data from applications monitored by New Relic's agents or OpenTelemetry. If your environment uses a mix of different instrumentation providers, you may not see complete data on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The [Kubernetes summary page](/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/kubernetes-summary-page) only displays data from applications monitored by New Relic agents or OpenTelemetry. If your environment uses a mix of different instrumentation providers, you may not see complete data on this page.
```

>   Note that the [Kubernetes summary page](/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/kubernetes-summary-page) has a limitation. You must monitor Kubernetes and APM with New Relic's proprietary agents or with OpenTelemetry. If you've a mix of different instrumentation providers (New Relic and OpenTelemetry), you won't see any data on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The [Kubernetes summary page](/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/kubernetes-summary-page) only displays data from applications monitored by New Relic's agents or OpenTelemetry. If your environment uses a mix of different instrumentation providers, you may not see complete data on this page.
```
